Response: Future Proof Your IT Career
-------------------------------------
###### Caleb Wagner

### Critical Analysis
In the article Future Proof Your IT Career, the author makes predictions on 9 different areas that will be in high need in the year 2020. The first area it states will be still booming in 2020 is Cloud Computing. According to the article more than 90% of companies are currently using some form of cloud computing, furthermore it states that in 2014 a report found that companies were moving their infrastructure to private and public clouds. I agree that cloud computing will be a booming field in 3 years from now and even beyond. During some [research of my own I discovered that cloud computing is a process of which developers create and deploy applications using the cloud][1]. The cloud is software and services that are provided by a big company server over the internet. The advantages of clouds and cloud computing are defined by the ability to develop and create software or save information, but the saved information doesnt take up your devices storage and your device may not necessarily have to be an expensive, or powerful machine to compute or store information. 

Another area the article mentions is going to be booming years to come is the cyber security fields. The article mentions this in many places, and I agree that it will be booming indefinitely. In the past with devices not being networked together security wasnt as much of an issue, since to access any sensitive digital information, a physical storage device with the information on it would be needed. But now and going into the future with the connectivity of devises through networking, there is a large potential for information to no longer be secure. In addition to information security, prevention from system hijacking and entering of malicious software is a big part of security. Both security risks I see as always being present therefore cyber security will always be needed. 

The article also mentions a career that seems to be more like a reference to a quality that IT Careerist will have in the future. They call them Digital Artisans. These people are to have these qualities, they are to be authentic, transformation-minded, intelligent, speedy, artistic and non-Conformist. I agree that most of these qualities are wanted in IT professionals now, with one exception non-conformist. I fell that there is still a large amount of companies that tend to conform to a general older path. You dont always have to be different to be the best big new thing. 

The article overall shares a common theme that is to secure your future career in IT, consider and be familiar with the internet and how much of IT is related to the internet. Weather its cloud computing, securing information and systems, API development, or many other areas, they all are heavily reliant on and related to the internet. 	

[1]: https://www.recode.net/2015/4/30/11562024/too-embarrassed-to-ask-what-is-the-cloud-and-how-does-it-work "Too Embarassed to Ask What is the Cloud"
