Response: 11 Predictions for the Future of Programming
======================================================
###### Matt Markwald

Overall I really enjoyed the article and it gave me a lot to think about. On most accounts I agree with the author, although I am very surprised that blockchain technology was not mentioned. With major banks looking into the technology and significant investment already in platforms like Bitcoin and Ethereum I found it Surprising. The following are a few of my responses to specific predictions in the article.

#### Cloud computing will defeat Moore's Law.
 [Moore's law][1] is the observation that the number of transistors in a dense integrated circuit doubles on average every two years. As a result procescing speed doubled every two years. There were recent concerns that this trend has started to slow down and therefore technogy and processing potential would hit a wall, but this article alledges that cloud computing will solve the dilehma by removing the burdon of processing power from the client, to the server which is far more capable of growing in processing power. This appears to be a reasonable claim  as the trend seems to move towards cloud-based-services and cloud-based-archetecture. 

#### UI design will get more complicated as PCs continue to fade
For this claim the author cited the decreasing number of tasks users are choosing to complete with traditional PC. As advances in mobile design and computing allow users to move more of their tasks to mobile alternatives, the author sees a shift towards more advanced UI features with event-handling for form more complicated triggers such as touch. Since programmers won't be able to reliably assume that a user has a physical keyboard or mouse, UI design will have to advance and change approach in order to stay relevant. It should also be added that advances in   

#### The End of Openess
In this prediction the author laments the end of open software creation. The author bases this prediction on two factors, middleman in software distribution and the decline of PC purchases. The author believes that due to the decline in PC sales there will be less code created and compiled and therefore less code shared. To address the idea that there is less shared code due to middleman, platforms like GitHub allows people all over to the world to copy, compile, run, and contribute code to existing or new projects. For the author to claim that game consoles not allowing 3rd party development, or app stores enforcing quality control for their distribution platform is somehow ending freely available code seems a bit hyperbolic. The amount of plugins, extensions, stand alone apps, etc that are created collaboratively and distributed freely is staggering. On the author's second point, a decline in PC purchases does not signal to me the end of PC access. In a study of statistics gathered by the [Child Trends Databank from 1982 to 2014][2] access to a computer at home rose from 15.3% to a high of 84.9% before declining slightly to 78.5%. Even counting the decline in 6% from 2013-2014 that is still an overall increase of 63% from 1982. In fact, according to the U.S. [Energy Information Administration 95% of educational buildings use computers, on average educational buildings have twice as many computers as commercial buildings, and that the vast majority of the equipment are desktop computers (more than 1,600 per million squarefeet) the next biggest amount being laptops][3]. While much of this equipment will be replaced with mobile alternatives as time goes on, whether or not students have access to computers powerful enough compile code will be more dependent on whether or not schools are investing in Computer Science related course options. If there are no classes geared towards teaching students software and programming basics, whether or not their equipment can handle compiling code is a moot point.

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moore%27s_lawF "Wikipedia: Moore's Law"
[2]: https://www.childtrends.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/69_fig1.jpg "Child Trends DATABANK"
[3]: https://www.eia.gov/todayinenergy/detail.php?id=24812 "Energy Information Administration"
